Mod 1 - getting started with AML

Microsoft Learn: Introduction to Azure Machine Learning
https://docs.microsoft.com/learn/modules/intro-to-azure-machine-learning-service   

Azure Machine Learning architecture and concepts documentation
https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/machine-learning/concept-azure-machine-learning-architecture  

Azure Machine Learning studio documentation
https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/machine-learning/overview-what-is-machine-learning-studio

Azure Machine Learning enterprise security documentation
https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/machine-learning/concept-enterprise-security

Azure Machine Learning Python SDK documentation
https://docs.microsoft.com/python/api/overview/azure/ml/intro

Azure Machine Learning extension for Visual Studio Code documentation
https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/machine-learning/tutorial-setup-vscode-extension 

Mod 2 - no code ML

Microsoft Learn: Create no-code predictive models with Azure Machine Learning
https://docs.microsoft.com/learn/paths/create-no-code-predictive-models-azure-machine-learning   

Automated Machine Learning documentation
https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/machine-learning/concept-automated-ml  

Designer documentation
https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/machine-learning/concept-designer  

Mod 3 - experiments and model training

Microsoft Learn: Introduction to Azure Machine Learning
https://docs.microsoft.com/learn/modules/intro-to-azure-machine-learning-service   

Microsoft Learn: Train a machine learning model with Azure Machine Learning
https://docs.microsoft.com/learn/modules/train-local-model-with-azure-mls  

Azure Machine Learning training run documentation
https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/machine-learning/how-to-set-up-training-targets 

Mod 4 - working with data

Microsoft Learn: Work with Data in Azure Machine Learning
https://docs.microsoft.com/learn/modules/work-with-data-in-aml/  

Azure Machine Learning data documentation
https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/machine-learning/concept-data 

Mod 5 - working with compute

Microsoft Learn: Work with Compute in Azure Machine Learning
https://docs.microsoft.com/learn/modules/use-compute-contexts-in-aml/  

Azure Machine Learning environments documentation
https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/machine-learning/concept-environments 

Azure Machine Learning compute targets documentation
https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/machine-learning/concept-compute-target 

Microsoft Learn: Perform data science with Azure Databricks
https://docs.microsoft.com/learn/paths/perform-data-science-azure-databricks/ 

Mod 6 - orchestrating workflows

Microsoft Learn: Orchestrate machine learning with pipelines
https://docs.microsoft.com/learn/modules/create-pipelines-in-aml/  

Azure Machine Learning pipelines documentation
https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/machine-learning/how-to-create-your-first-pipeline  

Azure Machine Learning ML Ops documentation
https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/machine-learning/concept-model-management-and-deployment  

Azure Machine Learning events documentation
https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/machine-learning/how-to-use-event-grid 

Mod 7 - deploying Models

Microsoft Learn: Deploy real-time machine learning services with Azure Machine Learning
https://docs.microsoft.com/learn/modules/register-and-deploy-model-with-amls    

Microsoft Learn: Deploy batch inference pipelines with Azure Machine Learning
https://docs.microsoft.com/learn/modules/deploy-batch-inference-pipelines-with-azure-machine-learning   

Azure Machine Learning model deployment documentation
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/machine-learning/how-to-deploy-and-where 

CI/CD with Azure Pipelines documentation
https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/pipelines/targets/azure-machine-learning 

CI/CD with GitHub Actions documentation
https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/machine-learning/how-to-github-actions-machine-learning 

Mod 8 - tuning models

Microsoft Learn: Tune hyperparameters with Azure Machine Learning
https://docs.microsoft.com/learn/modules/tune-hyperparameters-with-azure-machine-learning/    

Microsoft Learn: Automate machine learning model selection with Azure Machine Learning
https://docs.microsoft.com/learn/modules/automate-model-selection-with-azure-automl/  

Azure Machine Learning hyperparameter tuning documentation
https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/machine-learning/how-to-tune-hyperparameters  

Azure Machine Learning automated machine learning documentation
https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/machine-learning/how-to-configure-auto-train  

Mod 9 - responsible ML

Microsoft Learn: Explore differential privacy
https://docs.microsoft.com/learn/modules/explore-differential-privacy

Microsoft Learn: Explain machine learning models with Azure Machine Learning
https://docs.microsoft.com/learn/modules/explain-machine-learning-models-with-azure-machine-learning   

Microsoft Learn: Detect and mitigate unfairness in models with Azure Machine Learning
https://docs.microsoft.com/learn/modules/detect-mitigate-unfairness-models-with-azure-machine-learning

Azure Machine Learning responsible ML documentation
https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/machine-learning/concept-responsible-ml 

Mod 10 - monitoring in AML

Microsoft Learn: Monitor models with Azure Machine Learning
https://docs.microsoft.com/learn/modules/monitor-models-with-azure-machine-learning   

Microsoft Learn: Monitor data drift with Azure Machine Learning
https://docs.microsoft.com/learn/modules/monitor-data-drift-with-azure-machine-learning   

Azure Machine Learning monitoring with Application Insights documentation
https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/machine-learning/how-to-enable-app-insights  

Azure Machine Learning data drift documentation
https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/machine-learning/how-to-monitor-datasets  

